# DequeueWebhook

A queued call has been dequeued and the actionUrl of the corresponding Enqueue action is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **str** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be dequeue - A queued call has been dequeued and the actionUrl of the corresponding Enqueue action is being invoked. | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**call_status** | [**CallStatus**](CallStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirection**](CallDirection.md) |  | [optional] 
**conference_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the Conference. | [optional] 
**queue_id** | **str** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**queue_result** | **str** | The final result of the enqueued Call. Valid values are: •dequeued - Enqueued caller exited the Queue via a Dequeue action (Dequeue command or Queue Members POST REST API). | [optional] 
**queue_time** | **int** | Time (in seconds) the call spent in the Queue. This is only available if the Call was actually enqueued. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.dequeue_webhook import DequeueWebhook

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of DequeueWebhook from a JSON string
dequeue_webhook_instance = DequeueWebhook.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(DequeueWebhook.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
dequeue_webhook_dict = dequeue_webhook_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of DequeueWebhook from a dict
dequeue_webhook_from_dict = DequeueWebhook.from_dict(dequeue_webhook_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


