# GetSpeechWebhook

The GetSpeech command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected, unless reason is hangup.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **str** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be getSpeech - The GetSpeech command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**call_status** | [**CallStatus**](CallStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirection**](CallDirection.md) |  | [optional] 
**conference_id** | **str** | Unique ID of the Conference. | [optional] 
**queue_id** | **str** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**reason** | [**GetSpeechReason**](GetSpeechReason.md) |  | [optional] 
**recognition_result** | **str** | Semantic content (either a string if speech was recognized or a digit if a digit was input instead of speech) returned from the entry or tag that was recognized within the grammar. The content will be replaced by &#39;xxxxx&#39; when privacyMode is set to true. This field is populated only if the reason field is set to recognition or digit. | [optional] 
**confidence** | **int** | Level of confidence in the obtained result. This is a value in the range 0 to 100 – with 0 being total lack of confidence and 100 being absolute certainty in the recognition. This field is populated only if the reason field is set to recognition. | [optional] 
**parent_call_id** | **str** | ID of the Call that created this leg (child call). | [optional] 
**completion_reason** | **str** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 9.4.12 - speech recognition. | [optional] 
**completion_cause** | **str** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 9.4.11 - speech recognition. | [optional] 
**mrcp_code** | **int** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 5.4 - MRCPv2 specification. | [optional] 
**mrcp_diagnostic** | **str** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 5.4 - MRCPv2 specification. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.get_speech_webhook import GetSpeechWebhook

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GetSpeechWebhook from a JSON string
get_speech_webhook_instance = GetSpeechWebhook.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GetSpeechWebhook.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
get_speech_webhook_dict = get_speech_webhook_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GetSpeechWebhook from a dict
get_speech_webhook_from_dict = GetSpeechWebhook.from_dict(get_speech_webhook_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


