# OutDialStartWebhook

The OutDial command has started and the actionUrl is being invoked. This request is made in the context of the parent call (Call leg that invoked). A PerCL response is expected.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **str** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be outDialStart - The OutDial command has started and the actionUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**call_status** | [**CallStatus**](CallStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirection**](CallDirection.md) |  | [optional] 
**conference_id** | **str** | This is only populated if request pertains to a conference. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**queue_id** | **str** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**dial_call_id** | **str** | ID of the child call that was generated as a result of the Outdial. | [optional] 
**parent_call_id** | **str** | ID of the Call that created this leg (child call). If this was an inbound call or call created via REST API with no parent, this field will be null. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.out_dial_start_webhook import OutDialStartWebhook

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of OutDialStartWebhook from a JSON string
out_dial_start_webhook_instance = OutDialStartWebhook.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(OutDialStartWebhook.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
out_dial_start_webhook_dict = out_dial_start_webhook_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of OutDialStartWebhook from a dict
out_dial_start_webhook_from_dict = OutDialStartWebhook.from_dict(out_dial_start_webhook_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


