# QueueWaitWebhook

A queued Call is requesting instructions to execute during the wait in the Queue and the corresponding waitUrl is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected. The following are the only PerCL commands supported in the PerCL script response to a request to the waitUrl: Play,Say,Pause,GetDigits,Dequeue,Hangup

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **str** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be queueWait - A queued call is requesting instructions to execute during the wait in the queue and the corresponding waitUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**call_status** | [**CallStatus**](CallStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirection**](CallDirection.md) |  | [optional] 
**conference_id** | **str** | This is only populated if request pertains to a conference. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**queue_id** | **str** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**queue_position** | **str** | Current queue position of the enqueued Call. | [optional] 
**queue_time** | **int** | Time (in seconds) the Call spent in the Queue. This is only available if the Call was actually enqueued. | [optional] 
**current_queue_size** | **int** | Current number of enqueued Calls in this Queue. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.queue_wait_webhook import QueueWaitWebhook

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of QueueWaitWebhook from a JSON string
queue_wait_webhook_instance = QueueWaitWebhook.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(QueueWaitWebhook.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
queue_wait_webhook_dict = queue_wait_webhook_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of QueueWaitWebhook from a dict
queue_wait_webhook_from_dict = QueueWaitWebhook.from_dict(queue_wait_webhook_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


