# SMSTenDLCCampaign


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | **str** | ID of the account that created this Queue. | [optional] 
**campaign_id** | **str** | Alphanumeric identifier assigned by the registry for a campaign. This identifier is required by the NetNumber OSR SMS enabling process of 10DLC. | 
**csp_id** | **str** | Alphanumeric identifier of the CSP associated with this campaign. | 
**reseller_id** | **str** | Alphanumeric identifier of the reseller that you want to associate with this campaign. | [optional] 
**status** | [**SMSTenDLCCampaignStatus**](SMSTenDLCCampaignStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | Unix timestamp when campaign was created. | [optional] 
**auto_renewal** | **bool** | Campaign subscription auto-renewal status. | [optional] 
**billed_date** | **datetime** | Campaign recent billed date. | [optional] 
**brand_id** | **str** | Alphanumeric identifier of the brand associated with this campaign. | 
**usecase** | **str** | Campaign usecase. Must be of defined valid types. Use &#x60;/registry/enum/usecase&#x60; operation to retrieve usecases available for given brand. | 
**sub_usecases** | **List[str]** | Campaign sub-usecases. Must be of defined valid sub-usecase types. Use &#x60;/registry/enum/usecase&#x60; operation to retrieve list of valid sub-usecases | 
**description** | **str** | Summary description of this campaign. | 
**embedded_link** | **bool** | Does message generated by the campaign include URL link in SMS? | [optional] [default to False]
**embedded_phone** | **bool** | Does message generated by the campaign include phone number in SMS? | [optional] [default to False]
**affiliate_marketing** | **bool** | Does message content controlled by affiliate marketing other than the brand? | [optional] 
**number_pool** | **bool** | Does campaign utilize pool of phone nubers? | [optional] [default to False]
**age_gated** | **bool** | Age gated content in campaign. | [optional] 
**direct_lending** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**subscriber_optin** | **bool** | Does campaign require subscriber to opt-in before SMS is sent to subscriber? | [optional] [default to False]
**subscriber_optout** | **bool** | Does campaign support subscriber opt-out keyword(s)? | [optional] [default to False]
**subscriber_help** | **bool** | Does campaign responds to help keyword(s)? | [optional] [default to False]
**sample1** | **str** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 1 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**sample2** | **str** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 2 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**sample3** | **str** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 3 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**sample4** | **str** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 4 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**sample5** | **str** | Message sample. Some campaign tiers require 5 or more message samples. | [optional] 
**message_flow** | **str** | Message flow description. | [optional] 
**help_message** | **str** | Help message of the campaign. | [optional] 
**optin_keywords** | **str** | Subscriber opt-in keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**optout_keywords** | **str** | Subscriber opt-out keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**help_keywords** | **str** | Subscriber help keywords. Multiple keywords are comma separated without space. | [optional] 
**optin_message** | **str** | Subscriber opt-in message. | [optional] 
**optout_message** | **str** | Subscriber opt-out message. | [optional] 
**reference_id** | **str** | Caller supplied campaign reference ID. If supplied, the value must be unique across all submitted campaigns. Can be used to prevent duplicate campaign registrations. | [optional] 
**mock** | **bool** | Campaign created from mock brand. Mocked campaign cannot be shared with an upstream CNP. | 
**next_renewal_or_expiration_date** | **date** | When the campaign would be due for its next renew/bill date. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.sms_ten_dlc_campaign import SMSTenDLCCampaign

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of SMSTenDLCCampaign from a JSON string
sms_ten_dlc_campaign_instance = SMSTenDLCCampaign.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(SMSTenDLCCampaign.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
sms_ten_dlc_campaign_dict = sms_ten_dlc_campaign_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of SMSTenDLCCampaign from a dict
sms_ten_dlc_campaign_from_dict = SMSTenDLCCampaign.from_dict(sms_ten_dlc_campaign_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


