# TranscribeWebhook


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **str** | The context or reason why this request is being made. Will be transcribe - The TranscribeUtterance command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**recording_id** | **str** | The ID of the recording. If no recording was made due to errors or the &#39;saveRecording&#39; flag being disabled this field will be set to null. | [optional] 
**recording_url** | **str** | The URL of the recorded audio file. This URL can be used as is in a Play command to play the recording (no authentication needed). It can also be used to download the recording file via the REST API. | [optional] 
**recording_size** | **int** | The size of the recording in bytes. | [optional] 
**recording_format** | **str** | The media type of the recording. | [optional] 
**recording_duration_ms** | **int** | The duration of the recorded audio in milliseconds. | [optional] 
**term_reason** | [**TranscribeTermReason**](TranscribeTermReason.md) |  | [optional] 
**record_term_reason** | [**RecordUtteranceTermReason**](RecordUtteranceTermReason.md) |  | [optional] 
**digit** | **str** | If recordTermReason is digit, this will be the digit that was pressed. Otherwise it will be null. | [optional] 
**privacy_for_logging** | **bool** | Echo back of the privacyForLogging flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. | [optional] 
**privacy_for_recording** | **bool** | Echo back of the privacyForRecording flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. | [optional] 
**barge_in_reason** | [**BargeInReason**](BargeInReason.md) |  | [optional] 
**barged_in_prompt_no** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**barged_in_prompt_ms** | **int** | duration in ms bargedInPromptNo prompt was executing until barge-in occurred. | [optional] 
**barged_in_prompt_loop_no** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**barge_in_time_ms** | **int** | epoch time in ms | [optional] 
**transcript** | **str** | Transcribed text of the recording. Can be empty or null. null means there was a failure in transcribing the audio, refer to transcribeReason for detailed failure reason. | [optional] 
**transcribe_reason** | [**TranscribeReason**](TranscribeReason.md) |  | [optional] 
**transcription_duration_ms** | **int** | The duration of the audio being transcribed in milliseconds | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from freeclimb.models.transcribe_webhook import TranscribeWebhook

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TranscribeWebhook from a JSON string
transcribe_webhook_instance = TranscribeWebhook.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TranscribeWebhook.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
transcribe_webhook_dict = transcribe_webhook_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TranscribeWebhook from a dict
transcribe_webhook_from_dict = TranscribeWebhook.from_dict(transcribe_webhook_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


